Adds r2SCAN hybrids; r2SCAN-3c and B97-3c (#2842)
psi4/psi4: doc/sphinxman/source/dftd3.rst

``dftd3``/|PSIfour| and ``dftd4``/|PSIfour| interfaces are transparent, and all corrections are
interfaced exactly alike.
The -D3 interface can use classic or simple-dftd3 programs interchangeably and will prefer the latter.

> Starting in v1.9, the classic program is no longer supported or tested, though it won't be deliberately disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in v1.9, the classic program is no longer supported or tested, though it isn't deliberately disabled.
```

> Starting in v1.9, the classic program is no longer supported or tested, though it won't be deliberately disabled.

Reviewer 2: Probably better since I don't want to promise to never disable the classic. I'll add it to a different PR if that's the only change, since CI is already complete here.
